Update README.md with `bridgeless` mode warning (#588)
Adyen/adyen-react-native: README.md

3. Add [custom URL Scheme](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/defining-a-custom-url-scheme-for-your-app) to your app.

### For ApplePay

Follow general [Enable ApplePay for iOS](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/apple-pay/enable-apple-pay?tab=i_os_2) guide.

## Android integration

> [!Warning]
>
> If you are using RN versions 0.74+ and enabled "new Archetecture", make sure to [Opting-out of Bridgeless](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-new-architecture/discussions/174) mode.

> > This is nececery to run a Drop-In and some components on Android, especialy for [Advanced flow](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/edit/develop/README.md#advanced-flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is necessary to run Drop-In and some components on Android, especially for [Advanced flow](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/edit/develop/README.md#advanced-flow).
```
